Get another player to compliment you
Start singing a song and get another player to sing along with you
Get another player to ask why you don't like marshmallows
Bring up Coke/Pepsi. Get another player to say they prefer Pepsi/Coke (must be the opposite of what you initially mentioned)
Get another player to yawn
Convince another player their mic is not working correctly
Say "guess what?" and get at least one person to reply "what?" This can be tried without fail even when the other players are aware.
Do an accent, get another player to ask what accent it was supposed to be
Get another player to ask how old you are
Convince another player today is your birthday
Get another player to ask you "is this one of your missions" incorrectly, 3 times
Get another player to correct you on your maths
Quote a game/tv show/movie. Get another player to say a different quote from that same game/tv show/movie
Get another player to make an animal noise
Use the word "spicy" to describe something sexy. This mission is complete if another player else uses "spicy" in the same way you did
Create a new catch phrase. If another player uses your catch phrase this mission is complete
Get another player to offer to pay for something for you (doesn't have to be real money). This mission is complete when you refuse them.
Be silent until someone comments on your silence
Tell a completely false fun fact. Don't have anyone call you out on your false fun fact
Quote a movie wrong and get a player to correct you
Make a promise to another player. Break that promise and get them to comment on it
Make a pun, have a player be upset and comment on the quality of the pun
Get another player to ask if this is for the secret bingo and have them be wrong.
Did you know that the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV has a free trial, and includes the entirety of A Realm Reborn AND the award-winning Heavensward expansion up to level 60 with no restrictions on playtime? Sign up, and enjoy Eorzea today! https://secure.square-enix.com/account/app/svc/ffxivregister?lng=en-gb